---
autogenerated: false
image: /uploads/artists/Skillful-Kennis-SK-4.png
title: Skillful Kennis SK
twitter: SkillfulKennis
instagram: skillfull_kennis
meaning: knowledge, handsome and gentle
name: Ogburie Chibuike Kennis
genres:
  - Hip Hop
  - Afrobeat
  - R&B
  - Country
languages:
  - Igbo
  - English
  - Pidgeon-English
experience: live shows centered around his music, highlighting things they can
  only get by seeing him play live. Things like big pieces of news to share,
  special song debuts, covers, altered song versions are examples of things he
  can tease to his fans before shows, to build excitement
profession:
  - performing artist
  - writer
vocal_type:
  - bass
  - treble
vocal_skills:
  - singing
  - rapping
performance_setup:
  - instrumental tracks
  - a band
vision: reach to the bottom of his dreams
mission: explore a little bit of everything and a secret desire to be ahead of
  the crowd. He like music, books, magazines, chats with nearly anyone, short
  trips and dislike being alone, being confined, repetition and routine. The
  strengths of skillful sign are gentle, affectionate, curious, adaptable, able
  to learn quickly and exchange ideas
reason: because he feels happy doing it and music chose him
wishes: long life to himself and to people around him
motivation: being poor
inspiration: nature, weed and sleep
youth_influences: American Hip Hop legends
influential_artists: Lil Wayne, Birdman, DMX, 2Pac, Drake, Lil Baby
purpose: reach the world with truth and bring the  change people deserve
solution: because it gives him the ability to express himself. Through that
  expression, he  communicates by music, his own unique emotions, thoughts and
  experiences. When he  sees and study another's art, he's seeing the world
  through their eyes. When he creates, he  is letting the world see through him
success: the opposite of failure, the status of having achieved and accomplished
  an aim or objective. Being successful means the achievement of desired visions
  and planned goals. Furthermore, success can be a certain social status that
  describes a prosperous person that could also have gained fame for its
  favorable outcome. The dictionary describes success as, attaining wealth,
  prosperity and/or fame
active: true
sex: male
actions: practicing at home every day, reading and church
discography: Anya-Anwu
---

## Artist

Ogburie Chibuike Kennis is a music artist that records and performs under the name Skillful Kennis SK. His artist name means knowledge, handsome and gentle.

Skillful Kennis SK makes music in Hip Hop, Afrobeat, R&B and Country in the languages Igbo, English and Pidgeon-English.

His audience can expect live shows centered around his music, highlighting things they can only get by seeing him play live. Things like big pieces of news to share, special song debuts, covers, altered song versions are examples of things he can tease to his fans before shows, to build excitement.

## The Music

Skillful Kennis SK is active as performing artist and writer of his own songs. His voices are bass and treble. which he performs singing and rapping with instrumental tracks or a band.

## Vision & Mission

His vision is reach to the bottom of his dreams. His mission is explore a little bit of everything and a secret desire to be ahead of the crowd. He like music, books, magazines, chats with nearly anyone, short trips and dislike being alone, being confined, repetition and routine. The strengths of skillful sign are gentle, affectionate, curious, adaptable, able to learn quickly and exchange ideas.

## Motivations & Influences

Skillful Kennis SK makes music because he feels happy doing it and music chose him. He wishes everyone long life to himself and to people around him.

What motivates him to create his music being poor. He finds inspiration nature, weed and sleep.

## Music & Life

Growing up his main musical influences came from American Hip Hop legends. Skillful Kennis SK is influenced by popular artists like Lil Wayne, Birdman, DMX, 2Pac, Drake, Lil Baby.

## Society & Success

The purpose of his work is to reach the world with truth and bring the change people deserve and he is convinced his music affects societal issues because it gives him the ability to express himself. Through that expression, he communicates by music, his own unique emotions, thoughts and experiences. When he sees and study another's art, he's seeing the world through their eyes. When he creates, he is letting the world see through him.

Skillful Kennis SK defines success by the opposite of failure, the status of having achieved and accomplished an aim or objective. Being successful means the achievement of desired visions and planned goals. Furthermore, success can be a certain social status that describes a prosperous person that could also have gained fame for its favorable outcome. The dictionary describes success as, attaining wealth, prosperity and/or fame. He develops his skills by practicing at home every day, reading and church.

## His-Story

He grew up in a hood called (Nkwerre) in a family of 9 where there was little believe in music, cause they don’t know what is called talent. When he observed that nobody really wanted to listen what he’s saying in his hood, he had to start chasing his dreams secretly. A lot of people always discouraged him to stop music, that he was fooling himself , it’s makes many to stop talking to him cause they thought that he was hustling, while he was doing music every day at home, but no money.

He told his father that he’s doing music and was told to let the music kill him, that his father doesn’t know what his son was doing for over 4 years because he refused to attend university and is the only one in the family that is not a university graduate. He came out from high school, was called a fool and told to be useless, ain’t doing nothing, that all the effort made was in vain and that he was disowned as a son, let the music kill you. His mother also isn’t happy with him cause he stopped going to church ever since he realized that church too is also fake.

He had no option than to go out from the house and changed his phone number so no one could contact him. Got confused in life, not knowing how to start. After all thanking the Creator, cause he made a way for him to start rapping. Now his dream finally is coming through. He grew up with a traditional titled man, was called his life helper. The Creator valued his talent, always encouraged him to work hard, always provided his needs. Ever since he started knowing about life and his days of living is based on thinking, that’s why his motto says, that he thinks all the time.

After graduating from college he started pursuing his dreams, cause when he was growing up, he dreamt of having a big house, spending 48 hours on air and many adventures. A life many can’t afford, so he realized that all his lifestyle was superstar lifestyle.

He went into business such as digging of gold, being a hair stylist cause he was not really sure how fast he was going make it through music. Then he was still afraid to accept the gift of music but noticed that he has a talent of music and other art. So he had to keep it as a secret between him and the Creator.

He traveled to Lagos on September the 17th of 2021 to Kennis Music Record Label to meet with Mr Kehinde Keeny Ogungbe after having a risky conversation with him, he was told that Kennis Music Record Label wasn’t a record label anymore. That if he didn’t get out from there, he was going to be arrested. He went home, the next day he traveled back to Imo State to make another plan on how to pursue his dreams and make it come through. He came back and started posting on Instagram and kept on doing music every day. Hoping that one day he would see himself into his dreams. Kept on praying to the Creator for him to make a way to start rapping.

Finally the Creator answered his prayers on a beautiful morning when a guy on the street saw him practicing his music by himself. The man came to him and said that he was gonna help him. At first he thought it was a joke but went to meet his brother and that’s when my dreams started turning into reality

Follow us!!!
